[Music]
officially a college student I've been
waiting for this my whole life
come join me late on the first day
[Music]
[Laughter]
Wazowski room 319
you know your roommate is a scaring
major to James P Sullivan Mike Wazowski
well now that we've run into those you
don't think I'm scary I'm gonna scare
circles around you this year Oh scary
I'll just be here listening to my tunes
[Music]
yes receive a bowl of spiders how much
I'm gonna wipe the floor with that
little know-it-all scariness
is the true measure of a monster I can't
go back to jail
[Music]
he's like a mountain with fur I don't
even work out yeah me neither
I don't want to get too big